Add doc(sdk-experiments): add final doc to  readme file (#28213)
dotCMS/core: core-web/libs/sdk/experiments/README.md

Reviewer: Explain very shortly how the dotcms A/B testing work, mention assignment, pagesviews

Author: added

# @dotcms/experiments

> `@dotcms/experiments` is the official dotCMS JavaScript library that helps add A/B testing to Single Page Applications (SPAs). It handles user assignments to different variants of a page and tracks their interactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@dotcms/experiments` is the official dotCMS JavaScript library that helps add A/B testing to your webapps. It handle user assignments to different variants of a page and tracks their interactions.
```

Author: changed.

## Features

> This library facilitates the integration of A/B testing into your SPA by providing robust features for managing user experiences and tracking interactions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

You already said this in the intro.

Author: deleted.

- **User Assignment to Experiments**: Automatically assigns users to different experimental variants, ensuring diverse user experiences and reliable test data.
- **Link Verification for Redirection**: Checks links to ensure users are redirected to their assigned experiment variant, maintaining the integrity of the testing process.
- **Automatic PageView Event Sending**: Automatically sends PageView events to DotCMS Analytics, enabling real-time tracking of user engagement and experiment effectiveness.

## Installation
You can install the package via npm or Yarn:

```bash
npm install @dotcms/experiments
```
Or using Yarn:

```bash
yarn add @dotcms/experiments
```

## Components

### `DotExperimentsProvider`

> This component utilizes React's Context API to provide DotExperiments instances to its descendants, facilitating access to A/B testing features throughout your application.

Reviewer: > facilitating access to A/B testing features throughout your application

Double check this.
